PR #672 Skeptic-fix evidence — head sha f49672806
Commit log shows the fix commit on top of the merge from evidence branch
Step 1: Skeptic verdict on prior head 329894c9a was rejected with 3 blockers
Step 2: Bug #1 fix — local tmp_plist outside any function removed
Step 3: Bug #2 fix — project-counting regex scoped to projects: section only
Step 4: TDD Red phase — current staging config has 0 scm: — skeptic silently returns 0
Step 5: TDD Green phase — operator-applied fix in test copy — 8 pass, 0 warn, 0 fail
Step 6: Project count verification — 10 projects under projects: header in real config
Step 7: Phase 1 hermes-watchdog Red→Green — script restored, launchd exit 0
Step 8: Phase 2 health-guardian Tier 2 — all checks green with workers
Step 9: Final diff stat of fix commit — 2 files, 14 insertions, 2 deletions